1. Unresolved topics feature

- How to use
This new feature implemented on the NodeBB webapp allows a user to set a topic as resolved and also view all unresolved topics on a new tab. On the NodeBB "categories" webpage and the "recent" webpage, the user can select one or more topics and click on the "Topic Tools" tab to reveal a dropdown list so that he/she can see the option "Resolve Topic". The user can click this option and set the status of the selected topic(s) as resolved. A double check would appear next to the title of the selected topic(s) to indicate resolved status. If no topics are selected, an error that "No topics selected" will be displayed. If one of more of the selected topics are already resolved, an error "Topic already resolved" will be displayed. There are two ways the user can view all unresolved topics to help resolve other's questions. The user can also click on the "All Topics" buttton and reveal a dropdown list containing the "Unresolved Topics" option. Upon clicking this option, the user can see a filtered list of all unresolved topics. Another way is through the "unresolved" tab in the navigation bar. Clicking the "unresolved" tab takes the user to a new frame dislpaying a filtered list of unresolved topics.

- User test
User testing this feature involves setting the status of topics to resolved and checking the filtered list of unresolved topics. The user could create new topics and eitehr navigate to the "unresolved" tab or select the "Unresolved Topics" option to see that all newly created topics are listed as unresolved topics. Then the user could select one or more topics and set them as resolved. Checkmarks will show up next to the topic title and the selected topics will no longer be displayed in the filtered list of unresolved topics. This indicates that the database fields are toggled correctly and the filtering functions take in the fields correctly.

- Test description
Automated tests for this new feature could be found in the following files: test/controllers.js, test/topics.js. Tests written in the test/controllers.js file test the correctness of api routing, loading webpage, conditions for 404 error, and conditions for redirect. The tests within the test/topics.js file evaluate a range of scenarios to ensure the correctness of the new feature. These scenarios includes checking topics that are marked as unresolved upon creation, verifying that these unresolved topics correctly appear in the unresolved topic lists, ensuring that topics are removed from the unresolved list once marked as resolved, reporting an error when trying to mark an already resolved topic as resolved again, and confirming that topics are removed from the unresolved topic list following deletion. These tests are sufficient as they cover the "unresolved" tab and controller, "unresolved" status of topics on create, button toggling the "unresolved" status correctly, and filtering based on database field. These conclude all of the implementations we made for the new feature.

2. Friends Feature
- How to Use
This new feature implemented on the NodeBB app allows a user to select the add friends button on the users page to select users that they would like to add as friends. Once the user clicks on the users they want to add as friends, their selection will highlight and they can click add friends. The NodeBB interface also displays a message confirming that the selected friends were successfully added. In addition to adding friends, our NodeBB interface also allows the option for a user to filter posts in their feed based on whether they were created by a friend.

- User Test
User testing this feature involves selecting users that the user would like to add as friends and then seeing if those users show up in the friends tab. It also involves selecting the filtering option when viewing posts on the user's feed to only display posts generated by the user's friendds.

- Test Description
Automated tests for this new feature could be found in the test/user.js file. Tests written in the test/user.js file check to ensure that the addfriends API endpoint is correctly working in terms of successfully executing when multiple and no friends are added and ensuring the corrrect data format is parsed and sent when creating a POST request. This API endpoint is critical for ensuring that the friends user id data is successfully captured and stored in the database for later retrieval when filtering posts.